Given an array of integers `citations` where `citations[i]` is the number of citations a researcher received for their `ith` paper, return _the researcher's h-index_.

According to the [definition of h-index on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H-index): The h-index is defined as the maximum value of `h` such that the given researcher has published at least `h` papers that have each been cited at least `h` times.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** citations = [3,0,6,1,5]
**Output:** 3
**Explanation:** [3,0,6,1,5] means the researcher has 5 papers in total and each of them had received 3, 0, 6, 1, 5 citations respectively.
Since the researcher has 3 papers with at least 3 citations each and the remaining two with no more than 3 citations each, their h-index is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** citations = [1,3,1]
**Output:** 1

How I solved:
	Create 2 int variables `low` initialized to 0, and `high` initialized to citations.length.
	Enter a while loop checking that `low` is less than `high`.
		Create a int variable `mid` initialized to $${low + high + 1 \over 2}$$ 
		Create one more int variable `count` initialized to 0.
		Enter a for loop for every `i` in citations.
			if the value of the citations[i] is greater than `mid` iterate `count`.
		Exit for loop.
		if `count` is greater or equal to `mid` set `low` equal to `mid`.
		else set `high` to $high = mid$.
	Exit while loop.
	return low.

This is a binary search for the value of h.
`mid` is set to the value in the middle of the range being searched.
Iterating `count` every time that a value is above `mid` is keeping track of the more citations that are had than `mid` is. Resetting mid after every sweep of the array to find the point ware the maximum number of citations had within the bounds of the size of the array.